steps/01.md, before:

# nodes

1. change .venv
```shell
deactivate 
source ./.venv/bin/active
```


# references
- https://gptnb-one.apifox.cn/endpoint-150622589

```python
import http.client
import json
import os
from dotenv import load_dotenv

# Load environment variables from .env file
load_dotenv()

api_key = os.getenv('API_KEY')

conn = http.client.HTTPSConnection("oneapi.gptnb.me")
payload = json.dumps({
   "model": "gpt-4-gizmo-g-IcWrQy2I9",
   "messages": [
      {
         "role": "user",
         "content": "你是谁"
      }
   ]
})
headers = {
   'Accept': 'application/json',
   'Authorization': f'Bearer {api_key}',
   'User-Agent': 'Apifox/1.0.0 (https://apifox.com)',
   'Content-Type': 'application/json'
}
conn.request("POST", "/v1/chat/completions", payload, headers)
res = conn.getresponse()
data = res.read()
print(data.decode("utf-8"))

```

## Use cases of LangChain

- Summarization
- Question answering
- Chatbots with memory
- Synthetic data generation
- Interacting with APIs

## Models and Prompts

- chat
- chat with template
- few-shot

## Output Parsers

Parse type:

- Datetime
- List
- Auto-fixing
- Enum
- XML
- Pydantic (JSON)
- Structured output
- Retry

## Chains

Type of Chains

- LLM Chain
- Sequential chain
- Router chain 

## Router Chain

## Memory

Memory types in LangChain 

- Conversation buffer
-

Commit message:

feat: Add conversation window/summary of memory

steps/01.md, after:

# nodes

1. change .venv
```shell
deactivate 
source ./.venv/bin/active
```


# references
- https://gptnb-one.apifox.cn/endpoint-150622589

```python
import http.client
import json
import os
from dotenv import load_dotenv

# Load environment variables from .env file
load_dotenv()

api_key = os.getenv('API_KEY')

conn = http.client.HTTPSConnection("oneapi.gptnb.me")
payload = json.dumps({
   "model": "gpt-4-gizmo-g-IcWrQy2I9",
   "messages": [
      {
         "role": "user",
         "content": "你是谁"
      }
   ]
})
headers = {
   'Accept': 'application/json',
   'Authorization': f'Bearer {api_key}',
   'User-Agent': 'Apifox/1.0.0 (https://apifox.com)',
   'Content-Type': 'application/json'
}
conn.request("POST", "/v1/chat/completions", payload, headers)
res = conn.getresponse()
data = res.read()
print(data.decode("utf-8"))

```

## Use cases of LangChain

- Summarization
- Question answering
- Chatbots with memory
- Synthetic data generation
- Interacting with APIs

## Models and Prompts

- chat
- chat with template
- few-shot

## Output Parsers

Parse type:

- Datetime
- List
- Auto-fixing
- Enum
- XML
- Pydantic (JSON)
- Structured output
- Retry

## Chains

Type of Chains

- LLM Chain
- Sequential chain
- Router chain 

## Router Chain

## Memory

Memory types in LangChain 

- Conversation buffer, remember all dialogs.
- Conversation window, you can use k=number to set remember acount of dialogs.
- Conversation summary
